java c
Comp   251:   Assignment   2
General instructions (Read carefully!) 
• Important: All of the work you submit must be done   by   only   you,   and   your   work   must   not   be submitted by someone else.    Plagiarism   is   academic   fraud   and   is taken   very   seriously.    For   Comp251,   we   will   use   software   that   compares   programs   for   evidence   of   similar   code.    This   software   is   very   effective   and   it   is   able   to   identify   similarities   in   the   code   even   if you   change   the   name   of   your   variables   and   the   position   of   your   functions.    The   time   that   you   will   spend modifying   your   code,   would   be   better   invested   in   creating   an   original   solution.
Please don’t copy.    We want you to succeed and are   here   to   help.    Here are   a   couple   of   general   guidelines   to   help   you   avoid   plagiarism:Never look at another assignment solution, whether it   is   on   paper   or   on   the   computer   screen.   Never   share   your   assignment   solution   with   another   student.    This   applies   to   all   drafts   of   a   solution and to incomplete solutions.    If you find code   on   the   web,   or   get   code   from   a   private   tutor,   that   solves   part   or   all   of an   assignment,   do   not   use   or   submit   any   part   of it!    A   large   percentage   of   the   academic   offenses   in   CS   involve   students   who   have   never   met,   and   who   just   happened   to   find   the   same   solution   online,   or   work   with   the   same   tutor.    If   you   find   a solution, someone else will too.    The easiest way to   avoid   plagiarism   is   to   only   discuss   a   piece   of work   with   the   Comp251   TAs,   the   CS   Help   Centre   TAs,   or   the   COMP   251   instructors.
•   Your   solution   must   be   submitted   electronically   on   ed-Lessons.
•    To   some   extent,   collaborations   are   allowed.      These   collaborations   should   not   go   as   far   as   sharing   code   or   giving   away   the   answer.    You   must   indicate   on   your   assignments   (i.e.    as   a   comment   at   the   beginning   of your java   source   file)   the   names   of the   people   with   whom   you   collaborated   or   discussed   your   assignments   (including   members   of   the   course   staff).    If   you   did   not   collaborate   with   anyone,   you   write   “No   collaborators”.   If asked,   you   should   be   able   to orally explain your solution to   a   member of the   course   staff.    At the end   of this   document, you will   find   a   check-list   of the   behaviours/actions that   are   allowed   during the   development of this   assignment.
•   This   assignment   is   due   on   March   1th    at   11h59:59   pm.    It   is   your   responsibility   to   guarantee   that   your   assignment   is   submitted   on   time.   We   do   not   cover   technical   issues   or   unexpected   difficulties   you   may   encounter.   Last   minute   submissions   are   at   your   own   risk.
•    This   assignment   includes   a   programming   component,   which   counts   for   100%   of the   grade.
•    Multiple submissions are allowed before   the   deadline.   We   will   only   grade   the   last   submitted   file.   Therefore, we encourage you to submit as   early   as   possible   a   preliminary version   of your   solution   to   avoid   any   last   minute   issue.
•    Late   submissions   can   be   submitted   for   24   hours   after   the   deadline,   and   will   receive   a   flat   penalty   of   20%.   We   will   not   accept   any   submission   more   than   24   hours   after   the   deadline.   The   submission   site   will   be   closed,   and   there   will   be   no   exceptions,   except   medical. 
•    In   exceptional   circumstances,   we   can   grant   a   small   extension   of the   deadline   (e.g.    24h)   for   medical   reasons   only. 
•   Violation   of   any   of   the   rules   above   may   result   in   penalties   or   even   absence   of   grading.      If   anything   is   unclear,   it   is   up   to   you   to   clarify   it   by   asking   either   directly   the   course   staff during   office   hours,   by   email   at   ([email   protected])   or   on   our   discussion   board   (rec-   ommended).   Please, note that we reserve the right to make specific/targeted announcements   affecting/extending   these   rules   in   class   and/or   on   one   of   the   communication   channels   used   in   the   course.    It   is   your   responsibility   to   monitor   MyCourses   and   the   discussion   board   for   announcements. 
•    The   course   staff   will   answer   questions   about   the   assignment   during   office   hours   or   in   the   online   forum.   We   urge   you   to   ask   your   questions   as   early   as   possible.   We   cannot   guarantee   that   questions   asked   less   than   24h   before   the   submission   deadline   will   be   answered   in   time.   In   particular,   we   will   not   answer   individual   emails   about   the   assignment   that   are   sent   the   day   of the   deadline.
Programming component 
•   You   are provided   some   starter   code that you should   fill   in   as   requested.    Add your   code   only   where   you   are   instructed   to   do   so.    You   can   add   some   helper   methods.    Do   not   modify   the   code   in   any   other   way   and   in   particular,   do   not   change   the   methods   or   constructors   that   are   already   given   to   you,   do   not   import   extra   code   and   do   not   touch   the   method   headers.   The   format   that   you   see   on   the   provided   code   is   the   only   format   accepted   for   programming   questions. Any failure to comply with these rules will result in an automatic 0. 
•    Public   tests   cases   are   available   on   ed-Lessons.   You   can   run   them   on   your   code   at   any   time.   If   your   code   fails   those   tests,   it   means   that   there   is   a   mistake   somewhere.       Even   if   your   code   passes   those   tests,   it   may   still   contain   some   errors.      We   will   grade   your   code   with   a   more   challenging,   private   set   of   test   cases.      We   therefore   highly   encourage   you   to   modify   that tester class, expand it   and   share   it with   other   students   on   the   discussion   board.    Do not   include   it   in   your   submission.
•   Your   code   should   be   properly   commented   and   indented.
• Do not change or alter the name of the files you must submit, or the method headers in these files.   Files   with   the   wrong   name   will   not   be   graded.   Make   sure   you   are   not changing file names by duplicating   them.    For example,   main   (2).java will   not   be   graded.
• Do not add any package or import statement that is not already provided 
•    Please   submit   only   the   individual   files   requested.
• You will automatically get 0 if the files you submitted on ed-Lessons do not compile, since you can ensure yourself that they do. Note that public test cases do not cover every situation and your code may crash when tested on a method that is not checked by the public tests.    This is why you need to add your own test cases and compile and run your code from command line on linux. 
Homework 
Exercise 1 (60   points). Complete Search Let’s   play   a   fun   game   :).   We   will   provide   a   two-dimensional   board   with   some   holes   on   it,   where   each   hole   can   contain   a   ball.      In   each   turn   during   the   game,   you   will   only   be   allowed   to   jump   (horizontally   or   vertically)   over   an   adjacent   ball   into   the   empty   hole   next   to   it.    Once   the   jump   is performed,   the   ball   which   was jumped   over   is   removed   from   the   board.    The   idea   of   the   game   is to   apply   the   minimum   number   of   moves   (i.e., jumps)   to   end   in   a   state   with   a   minimum   number   of   balls   such   that   no   further   moves   can   be   made.       Note:      there   could   be   cases   where   balls   are   dispersed   and   cannot   cancel   each   other. Let’s   analyze   one   example   to   make   sure   that   the   game   is   clear.      Figure   1   shows   the   initial   state   of the   game,   and   a   sequence   of moves   (i.e.,   horizontal   or   vertical jumps   over   adjacent   balls)   that   allows   for   a   state   (i.e.,   the   last   state)   with   the   minimum   number   of   balls   in   the   board.    In particular,   we   performed   three   moves   to   end   with   one   ball   on   the   board.      Please   notice   that   in   this   representation,   “.”       (a   period)   denotes   an   empty   hole,   and   “o”    (small   vowel   o)   a   ball,   and   “#"   (number   sign)   indicates   a   part   of   the   board   without   a   hole.    For   this   question,   you   can   safely assume   that   all   the   boards   always   have   the   same   shape   (5   ×   9).
For   this   question,   your   task   is   to   develop   an   algorithm   (i.e.,   a   complete   search   one)   that   de-   termines   the   minimum   number   of   balls   that   remains   in   the   board   after   applying      (recursively)   the   above-mentioned   movement.      You   will   also   need   to   report   the   minimum   number   of   moves   required   to   reach   that   number   of   balls.    You   will   need   to   submit   your   A2_Q1.   java   source   file   to   the   Assignment    2    =>    Q1    -    Complete      Search    lesson   in   Ed-Lessons.       Please   complete   the   func-   tion   game   which   receive   a   2-D   array   of   Strings   representing   a   board   (as   the   one   shown   in   Figure   1).      The   function   game   must   return   an   array   of   integers   (int[])   of   two   positions,   where   the   first position   (i.e.,   index   0)   reports   the   minimum   number   of   balls   that   remains   in   the   board   and   the   second   position   (i.e.,   index   1)   reports   the   minimum   number   of   moves   performed   to   reach   that   number   of balls.
Exercise 2 (50   points). Divide and Conquer Given   the   requirements   for   limiting   contacts   between   students   during   the   COVID   pandemic,   the   University   designed   a   new   plan   to   design   a   seating   plan   at   final   exams.    The   goal   was   to   ensure   that   students   to   only   be   in   close   contact   with   students   whose   ID   number   is   relatively   close   to   theirs.   They   proposed   the   following   protocol   that   students   arriving   at   the   exam   room   should   fol-   low.   When a student arrives at the exam   room,   they join the   queue   of students   who   arrived   before them   (i.e.,   they   stand   at   the   back   of the   queue).    Once   the   queue   is   complete    (i.e.,   all   the   Comp   251 students registered to take the course arrive   to   the   queue),   the   University   must   guarantee   that   the   students   in the   queue   appear   in   increasing   order   based   on thei代 写Comp 251: Assignment 2Java
代做程序编程语言r   student   ID.   This   ensures that   students   are   only   in   close   contact   with   other   students   with   a   similar   ID   number.    However,   the   Department   of   Computer   Science   raised   a   concern   about   the   efficiency   of   the   proposed   strategy.   One   instructor   (yes,   it was   David)   suggested that the   efficiency of the   strategy   can   be   understood   by computing the total number of successively swapping pairs of adjacent students in the queue.   Furthermore, the instructor suggested that the Comp251 students will be   more than   happy   (aren’t you?)   to create a Java program   (based on a divide and conquer approach) to compute this number.You   will   need   to   submit   your   A2_Q2. java   source   file   to   the   Assignment    2    =>    Q2    -    Divide   and    Conquer   lesson   in   Ed-Lessons.      Please   complete   the   function   num_swaps   which   receive   a    1-   D   array   of   integers   representing   the   queue   of   students.      The   function   num_swaps   must   return   a   number   representing   the   total   number   of   successively   swapping   pairs   of adjacent students in   the   queue   to   guarantee   that   the   queue   appear   in   increasing   order   based   on   their   student   ID.
Let’s   see   one   example   to   make   sure   that   the   exercise   is   clear.   SAMPLE   CALL   1:
num_swaps([3,1,2])
SAMPLE   OUTPUT   1:   2NOTES   CALL   1:      Please   notice   that   the   numbers   3   and   1    (which   are   stored   in   the consecu- tive indexes   of the   array   0   and   1)   need   to   be   swapped.    This   swap   will   create   the   array   {1,   3,   2}.   Then,   the   numbers   3   and   2   (which   are   stored   in   the consecutive indexes   of   the   array   1   and   2)   need   to   be   swapped   to   produce   the   array   {1, 2,   3}.    We   required   two   swaps   to   produce   a   sorted   array.
Exercise 3 (60   points). Dynamic Programming During   Winter’25,   I   (i.e.,   David)   registered   the   Staff   class   called Learn to Run 2.    This   course is   “designed   for   those   who   are   at   the   beginning   of their   running journey   or   who   are   returning   to   running   after   an   injury.   This   class   is   tailored   for   beginners   who   can   currently   run   for   10   minutes consecutively   but   haven’t   reached   the   3-5km   mark   yet".      The   training   in   this   class   happens   in   the   stairs   of the   Mt   Royal   mountain   and   it   consists   of   a   slow   and   gradual   build-up   of endurance   with   walk-climb   intervals.   In   particular,   we   walk-climb   a   certain   number   of   stairs   steps,   rests   for ten   seconds,   then   walk-climb   again,   rests   for   ten   seconds   again,   and   so   on.   We   start   our   training   at   street   level   in   the   stairs   close   to   the   McMed   building   (where   we   have   our   Comp251   lectures).   The coach   (i.e., the instructor of the   class)   give   us   a   sequence   of numbers   (s1   , s2, . . .   ,   sm   ) telling   us how   many   stair   steps   we   must   take   before   the   first   break,   before   the   second   break   and   so   on.   We   are   allowed   to   decide   if we   want   to   climb   up   or   climb   down   those   stairs   steps,   but   we   will   always   guarantee   that   our   training   is   legal.   One   training   is   legal   if   and   only   if:
•   The   training   starts   and   end   at   the   street   level.
•   We   only   use   existing   stairs   steps   (i.e.,   we   can   never   be   below   the   street   level   or   above   the number   of   stair   steps   in   Mt   Royal).      Please   notice   that   the   stairs   in   Mt   Royal   (where   we   train)   has   a   maximum   of one   thousand   stair   steps.Given   that   I   have   my   Comp251   class   in   McMed   just   after   my Learn to Run 2 training,   and as   a   personal   constraint,   I   also   need   to   guarantee   that   I   stay   as   close   as   possible   (at   any   time   of   the   training)   to   the   street   level.As   a   Comp251   student,   you   have   been   commissioned   to   help   me   determine   when   should   I   go   up   and   when   down   in   my   training.      In   particular,   please   complete   the   function   directions   in   the   A2_Q3. java   source   file.       The   function   directions   receives   as   parameter   an   array   S      =   {s1   ,   s2, . . .   ,   sm   }   of   positive   integers   storing   the   number   of   stair   steps   that   I   have   to   walk   in.   directions   must   return   a   String   made   of the   concatenation   of two   possible   characters   (“U”   for   up,   and   “D"   for   down),   where   the   ith      character   indicates   if   I   should   climb   up   or   down   at   the   ith stage.   Please   return   the   String   “IMPOSSIBLE"   if no   legal   solution   exists.
Let’s   see   some   examples   to   make   sure   that   the   exercise   is   clear.   SAMPLE   CALL   1:
directions([20,20,20,20]) 
SAMPLE   OUTPUT   1:   “UDUD”NOTES   CALL   1:    If   the    number   of   stair   steps   are   S    =   {20,   20,   20,   20},   I   have   two   possible   le-   gal   solutions.      In   the   first   one,   I   climb   up   20,   up   20,   down   20,   down   20(i.e.,   “UUDD").      In   the   second   one,   I   climb   up   20,   down   20,   up   20,   down   20(i.e.,   “UDUD").      Both   solutions   are   legal;   however, the   second   one   is   better   because   it   only goes   20   stair   steps   away   from the   starting point,   whereas   the   first   one   goes   40   stair   steps   away   from   the   starting   point   (please   remember   that   I   have   class just   after   the   training   and   I   do   not   want   to   be   too   far   from   McMed   building).
SAMPLE   CALL   2:
directions([3,2,5,3,1,2]) 
SAMPLE OUTPUT 2: “UUDUDD’ 
SAMPLE CALL 3: 
directions([3,4,2,1,6,4,5]) 
SAMPLE   OUTPUT   3:   “IMPOSSIBLE’
Exercise 4 (30   points). Greedy In   this   exercise,   you   will   plan   your   homework   with   a   greedy   algorithm.      The   input   is   a   list   of homework defined by two arrays:    deadlines and weights   (the   relative   importance   of the   homework   towards   your   final   grade).      These   arrays   have   the   same   size   and   they   contain   integers   between   1   and    100.       The   index   of   each   entry   in   the   arrays   represents   a   single   homework,    for   example,   Homework      2 is   defined   as   a   homework   with   deadline   deadlines[2]   and   weight   weights[2].    Each homework   takes   exactly   one   hour   to   complete. 
Your   task   is   to   output   a   homeworkPlan:    an   array   of   length   equal   to   the   last   deadline.    Each   entry   in   the   array   represents   a   one-hour   timeslot,   starting   at   0   and   ending   at   ’last   deadline   -   1’.    For   each   time   slot,   homeworkPlan   indicates   the   homework   which   you   plan   to   do   during   that   slot.    You   can   only   complete   a   single   homework   in   one    1-hour   slot.      The   homeworks   are   due   at   the   beginning   of   a   time   slot,   in   other   words   if   an   assignment’s   deadline   is   x,   then   the   last   time   slot   when   you   can   do   it   is   x    -    1.       For   example,   if   the   homework   is   due   at   t=14,   then   you   can   complete   it   before   or   during   the   slot   t=13.    If   your   solution   plans   to   do   Homework    2   first,   then   you   should   have   homeworkPlan[0]=2   in   the   output.    Note   that   sometimes   you   will   be   given   too   much   homework   to   complete   in   time,   and   that   is   okay.
Your   homework   plan   should   maximize   the   sum   of the   weights   of completed   assignments.
To   organize   your   schedule,   we   give   you   a   class   HW_Sched. java,   which   defines   an   Assignment   object,   with   a   number   (its   index   in   the   input   array),   a   weight   and   a   deadline.
The input arrays are unsorted.    As part   of the   greedy   algorithm,   the   template   we   provide   sorts   the   homeworks   using   Java’s   Collections. sort().       This      sort   function   uses   Java’s      compare()   method,   which   takes   two   objects   as   input,   compares   them,   and   outputs   the   order   they   should   appear   in.      The   template   will   ask   you   to   override   this   compare()   method,   which   will   alter   the way   in which   Assignments will   be   ordered.   You   have to   determine what   comparison   criterion   you   want   to   use.   Given   two   assignments   A1   and   A2,   the   method   should   output:
•   0,   if the   two   items   are   equivalent
•    1,   if a1   should   appear   after   a2   in   the   sorted   list
•   -1,   if a2   should   appear   after   a1   in   the   sorted   list
The compare method   (called   by   Collections.   sort())   should   be   the   only   tool   you   use   to   re-
organize   lists   and   arrays   in   this   problem.   You   will   then   implement   the   rest   of   the   SelectAssignments()   method.
What To Submit? 
Attached to this assignment are java template files.   You have   to   submit   only   this java files.    Please   DO   NOT   zip   (or   rar)   your   files,   and   do   not   submit   any   other   files.
Where To Submit? 
You   need   to   submit   your   assignment   in   ed   -   Lessons.   Please   note   that   you   do   not   need   to   submit   anything   to   myCourses.
When To Submit? Please   do   not   wait   until   the   last   minute   to   submit   your   assignment.   You   never   know   what   could   go   wrong   during   the   last   moment.    Please   also   remember   that   you   are   allowed   to   have   multiple   submission.   Then, submit your partial work early and you   will   be   able   to   upload   updated   versions   later   (as   far   as   they   are   submitted   before   the   deadline).
How will this assignment be graded? Each student will receive an   overall   score   for this   assignment.    This score   is   the   combination   of the   passed open and private test cases for   the   questions   of this   assignment.    The open   cases   correspond   to the examples given   in this   document   plus   other   examples.    These   cases will   be   run   with-in   your   submissions   and   you   will   receive   automated   test   results   (i.e.,   the   autograder   output)   for   them.   You   MUST   guarantee   that   your   code   passes   these   cases.      In   general,   the   private   test   cases   are   inputs that you have not   seen   and   they   will   test   the   correctness   of your   algorithm   on   those   inputs   once the deadline of the assignment is over;   however,   for this   assignment   you   will   have   information   about   the   status   (i.e.,   if   it   passed   or   not)   of   your   test.    Please   notice   that   not   all   the   test   cases   have   the   same   weight.

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
